---
slug: 2023-sw-05
rec: 2023-SW-05
date: August 24, 2023
position: Senior Software Engineer
type: Full time
location: CA, USA
excerpt: Agrofocal Technologies is at the forefront of developing cutting-edge solutions that bring the power of AI to agriculture.
---

Agrofocal Technologies is at the forefront of developing cutting-edge solutions that bring the power of AI to agriculture. We are seeking a dynamic Senior Software Engineer to join our team in developing real-time AI systems designed to operate in challenging agricultural environments. As a Senior Software Engineer, you will work on the Agrofocal&#39;s Edge Software Stack, which encompasses the software deployed on field computers. This comprehensive stack runs the AI and machine learning algorithms, camera software, and coordinates interactions among all components involved in the field operations.

## Responsibilities will include, but not limited to, the following:

- Continually enhance the Agrofocal Edge Software Stack to serve the needs of the customers.
- Explore and evaluate novel machine learning approaches to solve real-life problems.
- Test, performance tune, and maintain the software to ensure optimal performance and reliability.
- Collaborate closely with team members working on the Agrofocal app and frontend website.
- Work with the AI model training team to fine-tune and optimize AI models for real-world agriculture applications.
- If you have a passion for transforming agriculture through the seamless integration of technology into daily practices without being an additional burden, then this opportunity is perfectly suited for you.
- Interested candidates, please contact “hiring AT agrofocal DOT ai”

## Requirements:

- Bachelor&#39;s degree in Computer Science or an equivalent field.
- Strong programming and problem-solving skills. Demonstrated ability to root-cause complex issues through continuous experimentation and analysis.
- Strong coding skills in Python. Proficient in Linux/Ubuntu environment and utilizing version control systems like Git.
- Basic understanding of neural network AI models with experience in training and deploying them is a big plus.
- Applicants must possess valid authorization to work in the US.

This is an excellent opportunity for any individual seeking to immerse themselves in practical AI applications and eager to learn how to harness technology to solve real world problems.

Interested candidates, please contact “hiring AT agrofocal DOT ai”
