---
slug: 2023-fae-06
rec: 2023-FAE-06
date: August 24, 2023
position: Field Application Engineer
type: Part time
location: CA, USA
excerpt: Agrofocal Technologies is at the forefront of developing cutting-edge solutions that bring the power of AI to agriculture.
---

Agrofocal Technologies is at the forefront of developing cutting-edge solutions that bring the power of AI to agriculture. We are seeking a Field Application Engineer to join our team to help bring our revolutionary real-time AI system for crop monitoring to market. As a Field Application Engineer, you will play a crucial role in the deployment of our groundbreaking agricultural AI system. Your responsibilities will encompass comprehensive field testing, conducting system demonstrations for potential customers, orchestrating trials, addressing customer inquiries, troubleshooting challenges, and collating invaluable field data to facilitate system enhancements.

## Qualifications:

- A solid background in agriculture or in use of technology in agriculture industry.
- Strong communication skills to adeptly present technical information in simple terms.
- Ability to troubleshoot and resolve technical issues at customer site effectively.
- Detail-oriented approach to meticulously collect and document field data.
- Applicants must possess valid authorization to work in the US.

If you have a passion for transforming agriculture through the seamless integration of technology into daily practices without being an additional burden, then this opportunity is perfectly suited for you.

Interested candidates, please contact “hiring AT agrofocal DOT ai”
